README.md, before:

# Caddy Darkvisitors Module

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/polykernel/caddy-darkvisitors.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/polykernel/caddy-darkvisitors)

A super simple [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) module for interacting with the [Dark Visitors API](https://darkvisitors.com/docs/analytics).

## Building

To compile this Caddy module, follow the instructions from [Build from Source](https://caddyserver.com/docs/build) and import the `github.com/polykernel/caddy-darkvisitors` module.

## Configuration

### Syntax

```Caddyfile
darkvisitors {
  access_token <token>
  robots_txt {
    agent_types <types...>
    disallow <path>
  }
}
```

- **access_token** sets the OAuth authorization token used to communicate with the Dark Visitors API. Global placeholders are supported in the argument.
- **robots_txt** enables generation of robots.txt derived from agent analytics data using the Dark Visitors API.
  - **agent_types** specifies a list of [agent types](https://darkvisitors.com/agents) to be blocked by the generated robots.txt. The special token "\*" is supported as an argument which resolves to all documented agent types. Note: when "\*" is passed, there must be no further arguments.
  - **disallow** specifies the path to disallow for the specified agent types. Default: `/`.

If the `robots_txt` block is configured, then the special variable `http.vars.dv_robots_txt` in the HTTP request context will be set to the raw content of the robots.txt returned by the Dark Visitors API. Note: the robots.txt query is performed once during the provision phase of the module lifecycle and cached thereafter.

By default, the `darkvisitors` directive is ordered before [`header`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives#directive-header) in the Caddyfile. This ensures that the raw request content (sensitive data such as cookies are still stripped) is used to build a visit event. If this order does not fit your needs, you can change the order using the global [`order`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives#directive-order) directive. For example:

```Caddyfile
{
  order darkvisitors before handle
}
```

### Example

A basic Caddyfile configuration is provided below:

```Caddyfile
darkvisitors {
  access_token {env.DV_ACCESS_TOKEN}
  robots_txt {
    agent_types "AI Assistant" "AI Data Scraper"
    disallow /
  }
}
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2024 polykernel

The source code in this repository is made available under the [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html) or [Apache 2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) license.

Commit message:

chore: rename darkvisitors to knownagents
This commit replace instances related to "darkvisitors" with "knownagents"
in the source code in accordance with the name change of the company Dark Visitors
to Known Agents. The module name is updated to caddy-knownagents.

README.md, after:

# Caddy Knownagents Module

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/polykernel/caddy-knownagents.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/polykernel/caddy-knownagents)

A super simple [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) module for interacting with the [Known Agents API](https://knownagents.com/docs/analytics).

## Building

To compile this Caddy module, follow the instructions from [Build from Source](https://caddyserver.com/docs/build) and import the `github.com/polykernel/caddy-knownagents` module.

## Configuration

### Syntax

```Caddyfile
knownagents {
  access_token <token>
  robots_txt {
    agent_types <types...>
    disallow <path>
  }
}
```

- **access_token** sets the OAuth authorization token used to communicate with the Known Agents API. Global placeholders are supported in the argument.
- **robots_txt** enables generation of robots.txt derived from agent analytics data using the Known Agents API.
  - **agent_types** specifies a list of [agent types](https://knownagents.com/agents) to be blocked by the generated robots.txt. The special token "\*" is supported as an argument which resolves to all documented agent types. Note: when "\*" is passed, there must be no further arguments.
  - **disallow** specifies the path to disallow for the specified agent types. Default: `/`.

If the `robots_txt` block is configured, then the special variable `http.vars.dv_robots_txt` in the HTTP request context will be set to the raw content of the robots.txt returned by the Known Agents API. Note: the robots.txt query is performed once during the provision phase of the module lifecycle and cached thereafter.

By default, the `knownagents` directive is ordered before [`header`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives#directive-header) in the Caddyfile. This ensures that the raw request content (sensitive data such as cookies are still stripped) is used to build a visit event. If this order does not fit your needs, you can change the order using the global [`order`](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives#directive-order) directive. For example:

```Caddyfile
{
  order knownagents before handle
}
```

### Example

A basic Caddyfile configuration is provided below:

```Caddyfile
knownagents {
  access_token {env.KA_ACCESS_TOKEN}
  robots_txt {
    agent_types "AI Assistant" "AI Data Scraper"
    disallow /
  }
}
```

## License

Copyright (c) 2024 polykernel

The source code in this repository is made available under the [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html) or [Apache 2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0.html) license.
